docs(pr): retarget PR template for agent-authored, Linear-driven PRs (#8620)
formbricks/formbricks: AGENTS.md

Commits follow a lightweight Conventional Commit format (`fix:`, `chore:`, `feat:`) and usually append the PR number, e.g. `fix: update OpenAPI schema (#6617)`. Keep commits scoped and lint-clean. Pull requests should outline the problem, summarize the solution, and link to issues or product specs. Attach screenshots or gifs for UI-facing work, list any migrations or env changes, and paste the output of relevant commands (`pnpm test`, `pnpm lint`, `pnpm db:migrate:dev`) so reviewers can verify readiness.

> Every PR must use `.github/pull_request_template.md`. Fill every section from the actual diff: link the Linear ticket (or explain its absence), state in **How this was tested** what you actually ran and verified with real results, attach screenshots or a recording for any UI change, and complete the `## QA / Test Plan` section — the source of truth for release QA (follow the guidance inline in the template; keep its subsection headings). Fill it on PR open and re-update it in the same turn on every PR change (new commits, scope or review fixes) so it never drifts from the diff — treat a stale section as a bug.

Reviewer: Push specifics (QA audience, the test/grep exclusion) into the template and keep only the imperatives here. This trims the current line rather than growing it.

````suggestion
Every PR must use `.github/pull_request_template.md` and follow its inline guidance — the template is the source of truth for PR structure, including the `## QA / Test Plan` section used to generate release QA. Fill every section from the actual diff on PR open, and re-update it in the same turn on every change (new commits, scope or review fixes) so it never drifts — treat a stale section as a bug.
````

Author: Done in 753a8a9. Trimmed AGENTS.md:136 to the imperatives and deferred the detail (Linear/testing/screenshot specifics) to the template as the single source of truth, keeping the always-loaded instructions lean.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_
